"The fact [that] people ask me about that cover with that phoenix, I'm like, 'If I was five-years-old I would be jealous of it,' like, 'How'd you come up with that? The girl with no arms with the wings, man that's awesome. Look at those colors.'"
"You weren't perfect but you made life worth it/Stick around, some real feelings might surface"
"Cause with my family we know we know where home is/And so instead of sendin flowers, we the roses"
"Now, tell me that ain't insecure/The concept of school seems so secure/Sophomore three years, ain't picked a career/She like, 'Fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair'"
"Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low"
"I specifically ordered persian rugs with cherub imagery!!! What do I have to do to get a simple persian rug with cherub imagery uuuuugh"
"I paid a million. It took a month to film. I stood on a mountain. I flew a helicopter over Vegas. I did it to be the king of all videos."
"'Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh?/I guess me if it isn't you/Last week I paid a visit to the Institute/They got the dropout keeping kids in the school"
"Why you think me and Dame cool? We're assholes/That's why we're here, your music in fast forward/'Cause we don't wanna here that weak shit no more"
"I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids/His baby momma's car and crib is bigger than his/You will see him on TV, any given Sunday/Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai"
"I'm not loving you, way I wanted to/What I had to do, had to run from you"
"It was all good just a week ago, niggas feel theyselves/And that Watch the Throne drop, niggas kill themselves"
"Ima make a book of my tweets.. tweetbook"
"Mosquitos suck"
"Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem/Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum"
"You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing"
"Ahead of my time, sometimes years out/So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out/And that make me wanna get my advance out/And move to Oklahoma and just live at my Aunt's house"
"Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on."
"Top 5 MCs, you ain't gotta remind me/Top 5 MCs, you gotta rewind me/I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me/But my head's so big you can't sit behind me"
"I don't be saying people are wack. I just give props to people I like because I know the power that I have, and I don't want to take money or food out of no man's mouth. Who am I to say what's wack?"
"'Cause ain't no to tuition for having no ambition/And ain't no loans for sittin' your ass at home/So we forced to sell crack, rap, and get a job/You gotta do something, man, your ass is grown"
"I love commercial art!!! I know that sounds like an oxy moron and if I spelled that wrong I just sound like a moron lol!!! "
"I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS/I won't be satisfied till all my niggas get it, get it?"
"Classical music is tight yo"
"I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle"
“Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed. I am not a fan of books. I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books.”
"Some people have really big foreheads. Not in a bad way."
"I would like to thank Julius Caesar for originating my hairstyle"
"....hmmmmm what to wear... here I go again... Yeezy the trend setter or complete fucking fashion victim ... the verdict is still out"
"As a celebrity, as soon as you become a star, as soon as it pops off for you? At that point, you stop growing. As soon as you don't have to wash your own dishes anymore. I was like trying to get somebody to jog for me the other day."
"If my manager insults me again, I will be assaulting him/After I fuck the manager up then I'm gonna shorten the register up"
"I never put anybody down to big myself up. I just big myself up."
"Do you know where to find marble conference tables? I'm looking to have a conference... not until I get the table though"
"People talk so much shit about me in barbershops/They forget to get their hair cut"
"Sometimes I push the door close button on people running towards the elevator. I just need my own elevator sometimes, my 7 floor sanctuary"
"It's amazing, I'm the reason/Everybody fired up this evening/I'm exhausted, barely breathing/Holding on to what I believe in"
"Hood phenomenon, the Lebron of rhyme/Hard to be humble when you stunting on a Jumbotron"
"Let's break out of this fake-ass party/Turn this into a classic night/If we die in each other's arms, we still get laid in our afterlife"
"Hello, hello, hello, hello white America, assassinate my character/Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up"
"How much is a shit load exactly? I'm assuming it's more than a piss load"
"Niggas talking, they bitch-made, ixnay off my dicksnay/That's Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon' stop me, huh?"
"I don't want to see any movie that doesn't have mind blowing special effects... ‪#EVERAGAIN‬"
"My beats was wack at one point, dog...I learned how to make hot beats. I'm focusing on rhyming now and I'm going to be the fucking best."
"You know the kids gonna act a fool/When you stop the programs for after school/And they DCFS them, some of them dyslectic/They favorite 50 Cent song's '12 Questions'"
"I just threw some kazoo on this bitch"
"Man ... ninjas are kind of cool ... I just don't know any personally"
"It's time for us to stop and redefine black power/41 souls murdered in 50 hours"
"I have, like, nuclear power, like a superhero, like Cyclops when he puts his glasses on."
"But I can't complain, what the accident did to my left eye/'Cause look what a accident did to Left Eye/First Aaliyah and now romeo must die/I know I got angels watching me from the other side"
"No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need"
"Sorry I'm in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ"
"I feel the pain in my city wherever I go/314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago"
"In my house, I don't have plaques. I don't have no awards. My greatest award is what I'm about to do. I'm always thinking about the future. The only thing I put up in my house is artwork."
"They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation/Well, that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation"
"I have superstitions that if my outfit isn't that good, the show is not gonna be as pleasant to watch. Serious philosophies like that is what separates me from other artists. The clothing... Acute attention to the detail. The fabric."
"So here go my single, dog, radio needs this/They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus/That means guns, sex, lies, video tapes/But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?"
"French fries are the Devil"
"I'm living in the future so the present is my past/My presence is a present, kiss my ass"
"And I'll never let my son have an ego/He'll be nice to people wherever we go/I might even make him be Republican/So everybody know he love white people"
"Oh, I already graduated/And you can live through anything if Magic made it/They say I talk with so much emphasis/Oh, they so sensitive"
"Sometimes I fuk with my Timbs on"
"The media is scared of me. They're scared of a black man with this taste level, with this connection, with, like, Pusha, Jeezy, Ross, and sidebar: I'm sitting at this fashion thing. So what they'll do is, in order to take that power away, they try to turn me into a demon. And it's happened so many times through history. They knocked the nose off the Sphinx, you know? They trying to tell you aliens built the pyramids."
"I do have a goal in this lifetime to be the greatest artist of all time, [but] that's very difficult being that I can't dance or sing."
"I'm living in that 21st century, doing something mean to it/Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it"
"How could you be so heartless?"
"Prince Williams ain't do it right if you ask me/Cause I was him, I would have married Kate and Ashley"
"How the hell is a 29-year-old grown-ass man acting like a little bitch and getting all emotional? How spoiled can I get?"
"Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin some brain/Whipped it out, she said 'I never seen Snakes on a Plane'"
"She got a light skinned friend look like Michael Jackson/Got a dark skinned friend look like Michael Jackson"
"I jog in Lanvin"
"First beat I did was in seventh grade, on my computer.  I got into doing beats for the video games I used to try to make.  My game was very sexual. The main character was, like, a giant penis.  It was like Mario Brothers, but the ghosts were, like, vaginas. Mind you, I'm 12 years old, and this is stuff 30-year-olds are programming. You'd have to draw in and program every little step-it literally took me all night to do a step, 'cause the penis, y'know, had little feet and eyes."
"Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?/Ahhhhh put the pussy in a sarcophagus"
"Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West/Mr. Fresh, Mister, by hisself he's so impressed/I mean damn, did you even see the test?/You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez"
"If you could feel how my face felt, you would know how Mase felt/Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt!"
"Before anybody wanted K-West beats/Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC/Dog, I was having nervous breakdowns/Like 'Man - these niggas that much better than me?'"
“I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in.”
"Fuck Don Imus. No white man is gonna tell me when or when not to say 'nigga.' Or none of my peers for that matter."
"I actually don't want to win anymore Grammy's because I got 10, and that's the perfect number."
"I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago/Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago"
"Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem/Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams."
"Yeah. I'm rich and I'm famous, but I try not to be extra with it."
"If it wasn't for race mixing there'd be no video girls. Me and most of our friends like mutts a lot. Yeah, in the hood they call 'em mutts.”
"I always misspell genius SMH! The irony!"
"I feel like if a rapper disses me, they're just trying to get a rise out of me and get me to play in their field to find some way that they can beat me. I feel like there's a lot of rappers that can beat me in ignorance. So why would I play a sport that I'm not particularly trying to get better at or beaten in? There's a lot of rappers that can beat me in ignorance, but there's only a few that can play with true intellect. How fucking perfect is that fucking answer?!"
"Sometimes I get emotional over fonts."
"Just Shut The Fuck Up Sometimes"
"Lock yourself in a room doin' five beats a day for three summers/That's a different world like Cree Summers"
"DJs need to listen to the models/'You aint got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato"
"Put this in the magazine: There's nothing more to be said about music. I'm the fucking end-all, be-all of music."
"Jay is Kweli's favorite rapper, 50 is Eminem's favorite rapper, and I'm my favorite rapper."
"Sunglasses and Advil, last night was mad real"
"Huh?!?!?!"
"Yo, how am I supposed to talk when you if you're going to run the [clip] in the middle of when I'm talking."
"I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary"
“A lot of people were wondering what I was going to do if I didn't win anything. I guess we'll never know.”
“If I don't win, the award show loses credibility.”
"That shit cray, ain't it Jay?/What she order, fish filet?"
"Yo Taylor, I'm really happy for you, I'll let you finish, but Beyoncé has one of the best videos of all time. One of the best videos of all time!"
"George Bush doesn't care about black people."